README.md, before:

# Casino Platform (Casino Template - Paid Version 1.1.2)

## Technologies Used

### Frontend:

- **React Ecosystem:**
  - Project was bootstrapped with **create-react-app**
  - UI-Layer was created with **React**
  - **React router** was used to implement client-side routing
  - State Management is handled with the **Context-API** (built into React core-library)
  - **Styled Components** were used to create all of the custom CSS
- Communication with the Backend is handled with **Axios** (REST-API) & **Socket.io** (Game logic)
- All localized strings and static page content (e.g. privacy policy) is stored in **Contentful** (cloud-based Headless-CMS) and retrieved via their Content Delivery API

### Backend:

- **Node.js** & **Express.js**
- **mongoDb** is used as the database & **mongoose** as ORM
- Authentication is implemented with **JSON Web Tokens**
  - Passwords are encrypted with **bcrypt**
- The client-server communication for the game-logic is implemented with **Socket.io**
- Uses **nodemailer** to send out transactional mails via Mailjet SMTP
- Security-packages included to make the application more robust are: **helmet**, **hpp**, **express-rate-limit** & **express-mongo-sanitize**

### Blockchain:
(coming soon...)

## Quick Start

### Set-up MongoDB

Set-up either a local mongoDB instance or create a [cloud-hosted instance](https://www.mongodb.com/). Save your db username + passsword and the mongoDb connection-string as you will need it for the next step.

### Add a "local.env" file in the "/server/config" folder with the following entries

```
  MONGO_URI=<YOUR_MONGODB_URI>
  JWT_SECRET=<YOUR_JWT_SECRET>
  PORT=<YOUR_SERVER_PORT>
  NODE_ENV=development
  SMTP_HOST=<YOUR_SMTP_HOST>
  SMTP_PORT=<YOUR_SMTP_PORT>
  SMTP_USER=<YOUR_SMTP_USER>
  SMTP_PW=<YOUR_SMTP_PASSWORD>
```

### Set-up Contentful

Create a free community [Contentful-Account](https://www.contentful.com/get-started/) and create a new Space. Add two locales (en, de) with "en" being the fallback for the german-locale. Create a Content Delivery API Key and copy your space token and Contentful Delivery API access-token to the clipboard, as you will need it for the next step.

You can use the [Contentful CLI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/contentful-cli) to import the space backup from the "contentful"-folder into your own Contentful space. This backup includes all localized key-value pairs and the content of the static pages.

### Add a ".env.local" file in the "/client" folder with the following entries

```
  REACT_APP_CONTENTFUL_SPACE_ID=<YOUR_CONTENTFUL_SPACE_ID>
  REACT_APP_CONTENTFUL_ACCESS_TOKEN=<YOUR_CONTENTFUL_ACCESS_TOKEN>
  REACT_APP_GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_TRACKING_ID=<YOUR_GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_TRACKING_ID>
  REACT_APP_SERVER_URI=<YOUR_BACKEND_URI_HOST_PORT>
```

### Install server dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### Install client dependencies

```bash
cd client
npm install
```

### Run both Express & React from root project-directory

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Build for production

```bash
cd client
npm run build
```

### Test production before deploy

```bash
NODE_ENV=production node server.js
```

Commit message:

casino Aziz Test
Creation of Api to fetch data with two methods from smart contract

README.md, after:

## AZIZ BARDI TEST EXPLANATION

### Test process and explanation

**important : The video is present under the folder resource/**

To present the process more clearly and concisely, here's a revised version of your steps:

1. We began by retrieving a smart contract from a casino token as an example. The contract contains various data points.
2. The ABI (Application Binary Interface) was extracted and saved in the `config/abi` directory.
3. Following that, I installed the Web3.js library and set up our `.env` file, incorporating the Alchemy node endpoint and the contract's address.
4. I created two types of endpoints:
    - The first endpoint allows for the retrieval of specific methods from the smart contract.
    - The second endpoint fetches all methods from the contract. 

**It's important to note that both endpoints currently lack security measures, making them unsuitable for production environments without additional security layers.**

5. Lastly, we integrated our routes with the controller to facilitate these interactions.

# Casino Platform (Casino Template - Paid Version 1.1.2)

## Technologies Used

### Frontend:

- **React Ecosystem:**
  - Project was bootstrapped with **create-react-app**
  - UI-Layer was created with **React**
  - **React router** was used to implement client-side routing
  - State Management is handled with the **Context-API** (built into React core-library)
  - **Styled Components** were used to create all of the custom CSS
- Communication with the Backend is handled with **Axios** (REST-API) & **Socket.io** (Game logic)
- All localized strings and static page content (e.g. privacy policy) is stored in **Contentful** (cloud-based Headless-CMS) and retrieved via their Content Delivery API

### Backend:

- **Node.js** & **Express.js**
- **mongoDb** is used as the database & **mongoose** as ORM
- Authentication is implemented with **JSON Web Tokens**
  - Passwords are encrypted with **bcrypt**
- The client-server communication for the game-logic is implemented with **Socket.io**
- Uses **nodemailer** to send out transactional mails via Mailjet SMTP
- Security-packages included to make the application more robust are: **helmet**, **hpp**, **express-rate-limit** & **express-mongo-sanitize**

### Blockchain:

(coming soon...)

## Quick Start

### Set-up MongoDB

Set-up either a local mongoDB instance or create a [cloud-hosted instance](https://www.mongodb.com/). Save your db username + passsword and the mongoDb connection-string as you will need it for the next step.

### Add a "local.env" file in the "/server/config" folder with the following entries

```
  MONGO_URI=<YOUR_MONGODB_URI>
  JWT_SECRET=<YOUR_JWT_SECRET>
  PORT=<YOUR_SERVER_PORT>
  NODE_ENV=development
  SMTP_HOST=<YOUR_SMTP_HOST>
  SMTP_PORT=<YOUR_SMTP_PORT>
  SMTP_USER=<YOUR_SMTP_USER>
  SMTP_PW=<YOUR_SMTP_PASSWORD>
```

### Set-up Contentful

Create a free community [Contentful-Account](https://www.contentful.com/get-started/) and create a new Space. Add two locales (en, de) with "en" being the fallback for the german-locale. Create a Content Delivery API Key and copy your space token and Contentful Delivery API access-token to the clipboard, as you will need it for the next step.

You can use the [Contentful CLI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/contentful-cli) to import the space backup from the "contentful"-folder into your own Contentful space. This backup includes all localized key-value pairs and the content of the static pages.

### Add a ".env.local" file in the "/client" folder with the following entries

```
  REACT_APP_CONTENTFUL_SPACE_ID=<YOUR_CONTENTFUL_SPACE_ID>
  REACT_APP_CONTENTFUL_ACCESS_TOKEN=<YOUR_CONTENTFUL_ACCESS_TOKEN>
  REACT_APP_GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_TRACKING_ID=<YOUR_GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_TRACKING_ID>
  REACT_APP_SERVER_URI=<YOUR_BACKEND_URI_HOST_PORT>
```

### Install server dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### Install client dependencies

```bash
cd client
npm install
```

### Run both Express & React from root project-directory

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Build for production

```bash
cd client
npm run build
```

### Test production before deploy

```bash
NODE_ENV=production node server.js
```
